22 of helder we are in minecraft 1.7
point 10 let's see a way that is
pretty cool and is that it adds spawn
spoilers to be able to ride the but they are
or at least it gives me the impression of
that are much more beasts we are going to
start watching it I'm here zombies
pauner
honor is a little expensive to do the
gesture and to the friend a bucket of diamonds and
four iron and four meat
zombie and we do zombie spam but
is that I get the impression that it is very
beast uncle let's make a room
so they do not burn
it's worth something like that let's have done a super
battle stadium although we are not going to
fight but good
but I get the impression that they are
too fast or is it not like a
normal state what amount a
moment
if I walk away
further away it stops as it is so normal
but look what was the best thing if I
I'll wait
they do not stop going out it 's a barbarity
or this is for traps of musicians like this
this mod is great
I'm how many people are part and rock
nor all acabéis no longer in the room I
I made a pit bull that I put it so that
eliminate them very much at the speed they are going
leaving new
It is an outrage me who are not going to
remove first
there it is we are going to see the following the one of
skeletons maybe diamond 4
of iron and 4 bones only changes the
material of the mod would be
and it's just like these are coming out without
stop does not look very good
It's great but I do not know why it does not have
arc
because they do not have arch ie
do not
if they do not have perfect arch
do not have a boat simply
the year
it is very very vast like these spaces
sea ​​a lot the creepers
this scares a little bit hey
the one of flus does not take out although it is not done
same but with gunpowder
it seems that creepers do not just
work what will be a book book
person that is why the boss
it has to be a failure simply
it's a shame and nothing comes out here
directly the one of spiders that is made
Spider eyes the same cardboard
always but the change that works
this is the flu is that weird of all
forms let's put the clippers by
there just in case for some reason
you see here I'm too much then we have the
of slams he is testing
here is only being four bullets
sling if the coffee is the same as always
this can be useful if we need
many slim balls
more than not because with four you already take
look
is that the rhythm of appearance of
bugs is an outrage this does not come out
directly the one of writer but for
that works but you see what a barbarity
the one of poisonous spiders that is done with
Fermented eyes coffee is the same as
always four iron blocks and one
diamond
is that is cool gave what can be
useful this mode can be very useful
silver fish that is made with blocks of
Stoner and this one
and this is because you can get into the
stone
He pointed out how my mother is disappearing
because this will be a party I will
win a while to see if it is getting into
effective stone
or something
and then we put one of tnt that bursts
the entire illusion system and finally
the blaze that is done with four rods
of blaze
and it's the same let's put it right here
is that you have to remove it quickly because
this is an outrageous thing I have
here because more illusion
I do not know if it's working at all
this if you want the stone and monster
ok let's bust this this already
is starting to tighten me
so we can this and it's there
you see out of curiosity more than
college
if they are not here, not rights
not with cue
here is jumping
just out of curiosity to see if it's all
full although it does not seem like
good but there are still many from
then this one is weird because this is when
I put on the track a piglet takes me out
take out any kripper estero put like this
because I want to test how it can be
put all
two dots
I have an apartment right now
same, this is not a very good idea
silver fish now I think about it
same no but good is lines spiders me
is going to tighten the minecraft creepers
although skeletons do not come out
Well, here zombies are worth
just out of curiosity because this sound
it is not done
well that comes out hey that's cheating
that can not go out
my mother is that we are these are
an awful lot of people leave the room at a rhythm
they already leave they do not stop falling down
to the
rain pigeon
look what madness this needs a lot
block so much to flee as the
loving frames both iron and
diamond then equal this takes on
do it a lot
since they no longer fit
no longer fit, I'm going to be silly
because this is that such minecraft that
area that does not fit
we are here out of these are the
bulls because there are too many because
they fit so much entity
but good description 1.7 point
I hope you liked it
bye